[C-3323] Add Harmony Divider docs (#6629)
AudiusProject/audius-protocol: packages/harmony/src/components/layout/Divider/Divider.mdx

import {
  Canvas,
  Meta,
  Story,
  Title,
  Subtitle,
  Description,
  Controls,
  Primary
} from '@storybook/blocks'

import { RelatedComponents } from 'storybook/components'

import * as DividerStories from './Divider.stories'

<Meta of={DividerStories} />

<Title />

- [Overview](#overview)
- [Props](#props)
- [Configuration options](#configuration-options)
- [Use cases and examples](#use-cases-and-examples)
- [Related Components](#related-components)

## Overview

<Subtitle />
<Description />
<Primary />

## Props

<Controls />

## Configuration Options

### Horizontal

<Canvas>
  <Story of={DividerStories.Horizontal} />
</Canvas>

### Vertical

<Canvas>
  <Story of={DividerStories.Vertical} />
</Canvas>

## Use cases and examples

- Dividers should be used to provide a clear, visual separation between objects.

> - Sometimes, dividers are applied in figma as a single stroke. Designers should ALWAYS apply that single stroke to the outside of the object and callout that the stroke is being used as a divider.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Sometimes, dividers are applied in figma as a single stroke. Designers should ALWAYS apply that single stroke to the outside of the object and call out that the stroke is being used as a divider.
```
